gh-109070: Document that ``multiprocessing.get_context()`` sets the global context (#109488)
python/cpython: Doc/library/multiprocessing.rst

.. function:: get_context(method=None)

>    Return a context object with the same attributes as the :mod:`multiprocessing` module.

Reviewer: We tend to avoid unrelated changes, pleas revert the change to the summary line.

>    If *method* is ``None``, the default context is returned. Be aware that calling this function with *method=None* sets the default context globally, potentially affecting future usage of :func:`set_start_method`. To change the method later, it is recommended to explicitly specify a method other than ``None`` when calling this function. Otherwise, it may lead to unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: This is now one incredibly long line. Please revert the change, and limit new lines to 79 characters long.

   *method* should be one of the following: ``'fork'``, ``'spawn'``, or ``'forkserver'``. A :exc:`ValueError` is raised if the specified start method is unavailable. See :ref:`multiprocessing-start-methods`.

   .. versionadded:: 3.4

.. function:: get_start_method(allow_none=False)

>    Return the name of the start method used for initiating processes.

Reviewer: Again, please revert the change to this line

   If the start method has not been explicitly set (e.g., using :func:`set_start_method`) and *allow_none* is false, then the start method is fixed to the default, and the name of the default method is returned. If the start method has not been explicitly set and *allow_none* is true, then ``None`` is returned, indicating that the method has not been explicitly set.

   The return value can be one of the following: ``'fork'``, ``'spawn'``, ``'forkserver'``, or ``None``.

   .. note:: Exercise caution when changing the start method using ``multiprocessing.set_start_method`` after using ``multiprocessing.get_start_method`` with *allow_none* set to ``False``, as it may raise a ``RuntimeError``.

>    See :ref:`multiprocessing-start-methods` for more information on multiprocessing start methods and their implications.

Reviewer: Please add your changes on new lines and limit unrelated changes.

.. function:: get_context(method=None)

>    Return a context object with the same attributes as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return a context object which has the same attributes as the
```

   :mod:`multiprocessing` module.

   If *method* is ``None``, the default context is returned. Be aware that
   calling this function with *method=None* sets the default context globally,
   potentially affecting future usage of :func:`set_start_method`. To change
   the method later, it is recommended to explicitly specify a method other
   than ``None`` when calling this function. Otherwise, it may lead to
   unexpected behavior.

   *method* should be one of the following: ``'fork'``, ``'spawn'``, or
   ``'forkserver'``. A :exc:`ValueError` is raised if the specified start
   method is unavailable. See :ref:`multiprocessing-start-methods`.

   .. versionadded:: 3.4

.. function:: get_start_method(allow_none=False)

   Return the name of start method used for starting processes.

   If the start method has not been explicitly set
   (e.g., using :func:`set_start_method`) and *allow_none* is false, then the
   start method is fixed to the default, and the name of the default method
   is returned. If the start method has not been explicitly set and
   *allow_none* is true, then ``None`` is returned, indicating that
   the method has not been explicitly set.

>    The return value can be one of the following: ``'fork'``, ``'spawn'``,
>    ``'forkserver'``, or ``None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The return value can be ``'fork'``, ``'spawn'``, ``'forkserver'``
   or ``None``.
```
